Produce 40 requests where the user wants to minimize its expenses. It has to be implicitly mentioned in the request, so that it does not contain “minimize costs” or “minimize expenses”. The user specifies either the duration, the starting or the stopping times. Simulate different users with hesitation marks, formal and informal ways of speaking etc. The user is direct most of the time, but only a few times adds context.

"Could you, um, start charging my EV at midnight? I've heard it's cheaper then."
"Please make sure my car is fully charged by 7 AM, gotta save on those electricity bills."
"Initiate the EV charging at 11 PM, I believe that's when the rates go down?"
"Hey, can you ensure the car’s ready to go by 6 in the morning? Trying to avoid peak hours bills here."
"I'd like the charging to wrap up by 5 AM, thanks. Hoping to catch the low tariffs."
"So, um, if you could start the charging process around 10 PM, that’d be great. It’s cheaper, right?"
"Hey, let’s get the EV charging going at 9 tonight. Gotta take advantage of off-peak hours."
"Finish the charge by 4 AM, please. I’ve been told that's when the rates are kind to my wallet."
"Start charging the vehicle at maybe, uh, 1 AM? That’s good for the electric bill, yeah?"
"Ensure the car is ready by 8 in the morning. I’m counting on those lower overnight rates."
"Set the EV to start charging at 7 PM, aiming for those evening discounts on power."
"Hey, can we get the car charging to complete by 3 AM? Should be cheaper around that time."
"Could we, uh, perhaps start the EV charging after 11? I've heard it's less expensive then."
"Make sure my car starts charging at midnight. I want to save on my electricity bill."
"Hey, uh... get the car fully charged by 5:30 AM, okay? Cheaper rates and all that."
"Let's have the EV start juicing up at 10:30 PM, shall we? Should be good for the bill."
"Aim to finish charging by 6 AM, please. Gotta make use of those off-bills peak hours."
"Please, start charging the car at, let's say, 2 AM? That’s when it's budget-friendly, right?"
"Ensure my EV is charged by 7:30 in the morning. Trying to dodge the high rates."
"Kick off the EV charging at 9:30 PM, thank you. Should be on the cheaper side?"
"Can you make sure the charging is done by 4:30 AM? I hear that's when it’s cost-effective."
"Start the charge process around midnight, please. Looking to save some cash here."
"The car should be ready by 8:15 AM, right? Preferably after taking advantage of lower rates."
"Let’s begin charging at, say, 8 PM? Should be lighter on the wallet around that time."
"Finish up the EV charging by 3:30 AM, if you can. I’m aiming for those sweet low rates."
"Um, can we start topping up the car after 10? Should be beneficial for the electric bill, no?"
"I'd appreciate it if you could get my car charged by 6:15 AM. Budget-friendly hours, you know?"
"Hey, let’s have the charging done by 5 AM, okay? Should be cheaper before dawn."
"Can you, uh, ensure the EV starts charging at 11:30 PM? That’s good for the budget, right?"
"Let’s aim to have the car fully charged by 7:45 AM, taking advantage of low electricity rates."
"Please, start the EV charging process around 1:30 AM, thinking of my wallet here."
"Ensure the car is ready to roll by 6:30 AM. Would like to save a bit on those charges."
"Hey, start charging at 7:30 PM, alright? Evening rates should be better for my budget."
"Wrap up the charging by 4:15 AM, please. Hoping it’s cheaper at that time."
"Kick off the EV charging at, let's say, 10:45 PM? Looking to cut down on expenses."
"Can we make sure it’s fully charged by 5:45 AM? Prefer the more economical hours."
"Start charging the vehicle around midnight, aiming for cost-efficiency here."
"Finish the EV charge by 3:45 AM, would you? Best to avoid the peak rates."
"Let’s begin the charging process at 8:45 PM, okay? Trying to be smart with the expenses."
"Please have the car fully charged by 8 AM, leveraging those lower nighttime rates."
