Produce 40 requests where the user wants to minimize its expenses. It has to be implicitly mentioned in the request, so that it does not contain “minimize costs” or “minimize expenses”. Simulate different users with hesitation marks, formal and informal ways of speaking etc. The user is direct most of the time, but only a few times adds context.

"Hey, could you charge my EV when the electricity rates are, um, lowest?"
"Start charging my car during the cheapest electricity hours, please."
"Hey, let's charge the car when it's gonna cost me less, alright?"
"Make sure my EV charges when the power's cheap."
"Opt for the charging times when electricity is at its cheapest for my car, yeah?"
"I'd like my EV to charge during off bills-peak hours. Thanks."
"Can you set up charging for my EV so it happens when the rates are lower?"
"Ensure my car charges when electricity prices drop."
"I'm looking to charge my EV but only when it's most economical."
"Activate EV charging only during low rate times, please."
"Hey, schedule my car to charge when it costs the least."
"Let's go for charging my EV at times when it's going to be cheaper."
"I prefer my car to get charged when the electricity rate hits the bottom."
"Set my car to charge only in those hours when it's budget-friendly?"
"Plug in my EV but make sure it's during affordable electricity hours."
"I want my EV to juice up but only when it's financially wise."
"Let’s have my car charging at those times when the rates are at their minimum."
"Schedule my EV's charging for when the electricity is basically a steal."
"Initiate charging my vehicle but only when it aligns with cheaper energy rates."
"Charge up my car, but let’s be smart about it and choose low-cost hours."
"Can you deal with my car's charging? Just make sure it’s when the prices are good."
"Okay, I'm gonna need my car charged but stick to those times when it saves me money."
"Make sure the car charges overnight or whenever it's less heavy on the wallet."
"I’d like the charging to be done during whatever time the electricity is giving us a break."
"Um, can you handle the charging but, like, only when the price is right?"
"Guess it's time to charge the car but find me those bargain electricity hours, yeah?"
"Let’s get that EV charging but in a way that keeps my bills low."
"Hey, could you arrange the charging to align with the most economic times?"
"Set my EV charging schedule to favor those low-priced electricity hours."
"Hey there, activate the charging but skim through for those cost-effective times."
"Could you ensure my EV charges when the rates are kind of in my favor?"
"I need my car charged but let’s be frugal about it, target those low rates."
"It’s time to plug in my EV but could you wait for those cheaper electricity periods?"
"Let's charge the car but in a budget-conscious way, during those cheap times."
"Would you mind setting up the charging when it doesn’t break the bank?"
"Hey, can you make sure my EV only charges when the rates take a dip?"
"I’m thinking it’s best to charge during those hours when the cost is minimal."
"Charge my vehicle but do it in a way that’s gentle on my expenses."
"Can we schedule the car’s charging for moments when it’s more cost-effective?"
"I'd appreciate if you manage to charge the EV at those times when it’s financially optimal."
