Produce 40 requests where the user wants to minimize its expenses. It has to be explicitly mentioned in the request, so that it contains “minimize” and “costs” or “expenses” or synonyms. Simulate different users with hesitation marks, formal and informal ways of speaking etc. The user is direct most of the time, but only a few times adds context.

"Hey, um, I’m trying to save money. Could you minimize the charging costs for my car?"
"I need to minimize the expenses for charging my car, I’m on a budget."
"Please, um, minimize the cost it takes to charge my Tesla, I need to save."
"Can you, uh, minimize the charging expenses for my EV? I need to cut down costs."
"I’d appreciate it if you could minimize the costs to get my car charged, I’m trying to save."
"Hi, um, I’m watching my expenses, can you minimize the charging costs for my car?"
"Could you, uh, minimize the cost it takes to charge my car? I have to save money."
"Please minimize the charging expenses for my Tesla, I need to keep costs down."
"I need to minimize the expenses for my EV charging, I’m on a tight budget."
"Can you ensure to minimize the charging costs for my car? I’m trying to save."
"Hey, I need to save money, can you minimize the charging costs for my car?"
"Could you please minimize the charging expenses for my Tesla? I’m on a budget."
"I’d like to minimize the costs for my EV charging, I need to save. Do it this way."
"Please minimize the cost it takes to charge my car, I need to cut expenses."
"Can you minimize the charging costs for my EV? I’m trying to save."
"Um, could you minimize the expenses it takes to charge my car? I need to save money."
"I need to minimize the costs for my Tesla charging, I’m watching my budget."
"Please make sure to minimize the cost it takes to charge my car, I’m trying to save."
"Hey, um, can you minimize the charging expenses for my EV? I need to keep costs down."
"Can you, uh, minimize the charging costs for my car? I’m on a budget."
"Please minimize the charging costs for my car, I need to save money."
"Hi, um, can you minimize the expenses it takes to charge my Tesla? I need to save."
"I’d appreciate it if you could minimize the charging costs for my EV, I’m watching my budget."
"Could you, um, ensure to minimize the cost it takes to charge my car? I have to save."
"Please minimize the charging costs for my Tesla, I need to cut down expenses."
"Hey, can you minimize the charging costs for my car? I’m on a tight budget."
"I need to minimize the expenses for my EV charging, I need to save money."
"Please, um, ensure to minimize the charging costs for my car, I’m trying to save."
"Can you minimize the charging expenses for my Tesla? I need to keep costs down."
"Could you please minimize the cost it takes to charge my EV? I’m on a budget."
"I need to minimize the expenses for my car charging, I’m trying to save."
"Please ensure to minimize the charging costs for my Tesla, I need to cut expenses."
"Can you minimize the cost it takes to charge my car? I’m watching my budget."
"Please minimize the charging expenses for my car, I need to save."
"I need to minimize the costs for my EV charging, I’m on a budget."
"Minimize the charging costs for my Tesla, please, I need to save money."
"Can you ensure to minimize the expenses it takes to charge my car? I have to save."
"Please minimize the cost it takes to charge my EV, I’m trying to save."
"I need to minimize the charging costs for my car, I need to keep expenses down."
"Minimize the charging expenses for my Tesla, please, I need to save."
